[< Back](../README.md)
# public interface Overwrite Overwrite #
>#### Class Overview ####
><p>Annotation used to indicate a mixin class member which must overwrite a
 method in the target class.</p>
 
 <p>The default behaviour of mixin classes when merging mixin methods is to
 replace methods in the target class which already exist, and simply add any
 other methods to the target class body as new members. This default behaviour
 allows methods in the target class to be easily overwritten by simply
 creating a method in the mixin with a signature matching the member to be
 overwritten.</p>
 
 <p>This is not sufficient for obfuscated methods however, since as mixins
 traverse the obfuscation boundary, this association with the target method is
 lost because the method name will change. The {@link Overwrite} annotation is
 used to indicate to the annotation processor that this method is intended to
 overwrite a member in the target class, and should be added to the
 obfuscation table if {@link #remap} is true.</p>
## Methods ##
### public String constraints () ###
>#### Method Overview ####
>Returns constraints which must be validated for this overwrite to
 succeed. See {@link Constraint} for details of constraint formats.
>
>**returns**<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Constraints for this annotation
>
### public String aliases () ###
>#### Method Overview ####
>Supplies possible aliases for this method. This should <b>only</b>
 be used in the following scenarios:
 
 <ul>
   <li>When shadowing a sythetic method which can have differen names at
   development time because it is regenerated by the compiler.
   </li>
   <li>When another mod or transformer is known to change the name of a
   field</li>
 </ul>
>
>**returns**<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Aliases for this member
>
### public boolean remap () ###
>#### Method Overview ####
>By default, the annotation processor will attempt to locate an
 obfuscation mapping for all {@link Overwrite} methods since it is
 anticipated that in general the target of a {@link Overwrite} annotation
 will be an obfuscated method in the target class. However since it is
 possible to also overwrite methods in non-obfuscated targets it may be
 necessary to suppress the compiler error which would otherwise be
 generated. Setting this value to <em>false</em> will cause the annotation
 processor to skip this annotation when attempting to build the
 obfuscation table for the mixin.
>
>**returns**<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;True to instruct the annotation processor to search for
      obfuscation mappings for this method
>

---
Powered by [MDDocs](https://github.com/VRCube/MDDocs)